welcome to the man of recaps this is the
witcher season 1 what is a witcher well
it's a badass monster hunter he starts
off the series killing this a spider
zombie thing when he fights he gets
these crazy black eyes yeah witches are
magically enhanced mutants so normal
people don't trust him our witches are
real nice guy though his name's Geralt
of Rivia he travels around killing
monsters with his best and only friend
his horse Roch Carroll it's kind of a
funny guy too any given situation he
only has one of two responses one day
he's hired by a wizards drag a boar to
kill a monster for him what kind before
that's kind kind
it's like bro I don't kill people I just
kill monsters stronger boar explains
though it's part of an ancient dark
prophecy about girls that will be born
during the Eclipse and usher in the Lord
of Darkness or whatever he got most of
them when there are babies and locked
him in towers but this one escaped and
is after him her name is rain free and
she was a princess before strike a boar
tried to kill her she's lived her whole
life on the run so grew up to be a
badass bandit leader but now she's here
for revenge on straggle boar and wants
Geralt to help her kill him he's like yo
I don't get involved with stuff I just
kill monsters she's like what about sex
do you have sex yes he does they get it
on but in the morning she's ditched him
her gangs taken over the town and she's
holding a girl hostage to draw straggle
boar out so to protect the innocent
garol has to get involved and it's one
of the sweetest fight scenes I've ever
seen if you feel it's like fast moving
slice and all throwing swords witches do
have a little bit of magic by the way he
can push people around in the end he
kills her whole gang and fights rent
free herself and she just can't be
reasoned with he has to kill her she
dies in his arms the townsfolk aren't
happy about a Witcher massacre in their
village so even though he kind of saved
them they run him out of town elsewhere
in the kingdom of Sentra is the princess
ciri she's raised by her grandmother
Queen because her parents died when she
was young but she's had a generally
happy life until one day they're under
attack and the battle does not go well
the kingdom Falls grandma's like yo ciri
go find the witcher geralt of rivia he
is your destiny we'll find out what that
means later but for now the Queen throws
herself out the window and serious gapes
but she's being chased by a black knight
and pretty soon he catches her but
what's this she's got Oh screaming
powers yeah some sort of magic gets
way for now elsewhere is yennefer the
hunchback she's got a rough life her
family hates her so when a sorceress
comes up like hey how much for your
daughter he's like you know less than
the cost of a pig she takes you an
affair to era two's Oh which is a school
for magic that's right you're a wizard
Harry Jennifer's not a great student but
she does show a lot of potential
Jennifer's not invited to graduation but
that's good because she's turning these
girls into eels yeah this was fake
graduation for the students that didn't
cut it but as eels they can still serve
as magical conduits to power the
building her teachers like Jennifer
you're the one with potential you're
gonna be a real sorceress now back to
the witcher he meets a funny bard yeah
skier who wants to tag along in an
adventure Geralt finds the devil he was
hired to kill but it's just a goat man
but goat man's got friends Geralt ends
up captured by elves humans per usual
are super prejudiced against elves and
in fact killed most of them in the Great
Purge a while back gerelds like yo man I
know humans are the worst they hate me
too and so he lets him go without much
incident but the bards like you know I'm
gonna embellish this for the song tell
how Geralt of Rivia the white wolf
slaughtered a hundred elves and saved
the village and the song is a banger
it turns into a huge hit making garel
kind of a celebrity and going a long way
to making people like him now there are
other witcher's out there though they're
very rare this one's hard to kill a
monster but he fails so Geralt shows up
to try his hand he works with the King's
Royal wizard
Triss Merigold and finds out the monster
is austria formed when the Kings sister
was killed by a curse but she was
pregnant the baby became a monster turns
out the king and his sister were doing
it Lannister style but the Royal advisor
was in love with her and cursed her
because he couldn't have her Kings like
you know instead of killing the monster
can you uncurse my daughter and it's
like yeah that'll cost you extra to do
that he's got a fight at all night til
the Sun comes up so he chugs his monster
energy drink makes his eyes all black
and that is one ugly monster so he gets
his butt kicked all night long till
finally the Sun comes up and boom
princess on cursed things are going
great for yennefer she's set to graduate
and be assigned to the coolest kingdom
in the land and as part of the
graduation ceremony the wizards all get
an enchantment to make them super hot
Jennifer's gonna pass on that though
she's got a boyfriend now who loves her
for who she is inside in fact she tells
him her deepest secret she is one
quarter else but he lets that slip to
his teachers drag de Bourgh so when one
of straggle boars bros wants his niece
to have the good assignment he's like
yeah we can't send yennefer there anyway
she's part elf
so now yennefer is gonna be sent to the
worst kingdom she breaks up with that
dude and he's like yo make me sexy now
as part of the process she will never be
able to have children but she's like
screw kids I want to be hot and boom
sexy yennefer in the house she marches
right up to the king of the good Kingdom
and he's like yeah I want this wizard
elsewhere yeah skiiers given Carol tub
bath as he wants him to come to a party
with him wait a minute I know this
kingdom that sintra that got destroyed
at the beginning and that's the grandma
queen looking alive and well in about 15
years younger that's right we're
following separate timelines here
witcher's don't age and Geralt story so
far as taking place long before ciri was
born series story so far has been
uneventful she's on the run hiding meets
a friend in the woods who shares his rat
with her but he's part L goes to a magic
forest there's a whole thing with the
doppelganger I'm not gonna get into it
tonight's party is in fact series
mother's engagement party she's
betrothed to some douchebag Prince but a
mystery suitor storms into ask for her
and it's a little weird he's not taking
his helmet off this isn't the
Mandalorian Oh what it's Sonic the
Hedgehog the Queen's like go kill that
monster about Daryl steps in to save his
life he's like this is clearly not a
monster it's just a dude who's been
cursed to look like any job in fact he
and the princess are in love turns out
years ago he saved the King's life and
as her award claimed the law of surprise
what's the law of surprise you ask well
it's an ancient tradition in this world
you owe the person whatever the next
surprise thing you get is it's a way of
saying hey don't worry about it I'll
just take the law of surprise because
normally it's not nothing but in this
case the king returned home to find out
his wife was pregnant so the baby is
destined to be with this guy Queen
doesn't care about destiny he tries to
kill him but oh the princess screams and
boom magic explosion so Queens like I
guess I can't stop destiny you lovers
can be together they kiss and boom
breaks the spell it's like Witcher I owe
you my life and Geralt slike don't worry
about it man I'll just take the law of
surprise but wouldn't you know it right
then they all find out he already got
the princess pregnant so gerelds got
himself a surprise destiny baby but he's
like yeah I'm gonna deal with that later
now wizards also don't age and yennefer
spent a few decades advising the king of
good country but it's turned out to be a
lot less exciting than she'd hoped for
it's exciting one day though when a
magic assassin comes with his bug
monster they portal on out there and
yennefer realizes it's the king trying
to assassinate his wife wifes also a
terrible person like hey spare me take
the baby so Jennifer lets her die and
saves the baby herself but the baby dies
anyway and yennefer is like yeah
royalty sucks I'm gonna go into business
for myself as a freelance wizard making
boner potions for people sometime later
gerelds fishing for a genie bottle he's
been having bad insomnia just wants to
wish for a good night's sleep
carolton you a skier fight over the
bottle and end up breaking hits Oh gin
gets away and attacks the bard he brings
him to the closest mage for help and
it's not other than yennefer of
vengerberg she's hosting a giant magical
orgy there is tons of nudity in the show
by the way watch out she and Geralt bond
she convinces him to take another bath
she's gonna heal yeah scare he'll be
fine but she's got her own agenda
she wants to summon the Djinn and make
herself the new vessel because she
thinks that will heal her fertility now
she wants a baby girl it's like yo
that's a terrible idea it's not gonna
work and will almost certainly kill you
so to save her he pulls in the Latin and
uses his wish to set the genie free
she's pretty mad at him but it's like yo
girl I saved your life and they're both
kind of hot so they decide to do it some
more years pass and the witch is
approached by this old adventurer
with these two hot bodyguards there's a
dragon hunting competition and he wants
Geralt to join his team gerelds like you
know I don't mess with dragons but turns
out yennefer is in the competition so
he's like i'm in she wants the dragon's
heart because she thinks that can cure
her fertility and it's like yo you're
still on this baby thing come on turns
out these two have booty called a couple
times lately but one always leaves
before morning but now they admit they
really like each other and so in the
morning Gerald's still their big step
for any relationship they team up with
the Dwarven team who lead them on a
shortcut that's very dangerous and hold
adventurer diehards down to his death
then turns out the Dragons already dead
but it's got an egg and the old man
adventurer is the daddy dragon a super
rare gold one it's like hey witcher the
real reason I hired you is to protect my
egg so Witcher and yennefer fight these
guys off magic kiss dragons like hey
thanks by the way yennefer the dragon
heart fertility cure thing wouldn't work
anyway gerelds like good cuz i don't
want kids but yennefer is like yo I do
though I guess this relationships not
gonna work now we've almost caught up to
the timeline queen of Sentra's preparing
for war Geralt comes to check on his
surprise baby it's like I won't let you
take my granddaughter but he's like yo I
don't want to take her I'm just here to
protect her but the queen is totally
unreasonable and locks him in the
dungeon now this invading country is
nilfgaard this Black Knight is KY here
and he's working with the mage for
Angela they are super into some prophecy
about a white flame and we don't know
much about it but princess ciri is the
key the brotherhood of sorcerers is
debating whether they should get
involved a lot of them are happy to let
sintra get conquered because they keep
refusing a brotherhood approved sorcerer
I guess their court wizard was a
freelancer or apparently he's like a
druid or something in any case the
Brotherhood votes to stay out of it and
as we know Sentra falls what we didn't
know is that Geralt was in the dungeon
during the battle he escapes and cuts
his way through these guys to get to
Syria and protect her but she had
already escaped she's still on the run
and one night gets captured but oh a
cough eight magic powers do start
spewing some prophecy and when she wakes
up she's magically exploded all these
guys yeah
something special about her elsewhere
dude being attacked by zombies but
luckily witchers there to save him
there's a whole lot of them though so
even though he takes them all out he did
get bit which is super poisonous and so
Witcher spends the epic season finale of
his own series passed out in the back of
this guy's cart he dreams about his pack
apparently raised by a sorceress but one
day she ditched him and he was
eventually picked up and turned into a
Witcher now you never joined some of the
Brotherhood who wants to stop nilfgaard
from conquering the whole continent now
wizards are real strong one of them is
worth like 50 normal soldiers but once
they've used up all their magic they're
totally defenseless Tris is there she's
good with nature magic makes some
farting poisonous mushrooms and for Jill
the other side has plenty of tricks of
her own this one sorcerer vile Forge is
a badass battle wizard going straight
for the main bad guy every time he gets
disarmed he magics a new sword and his
scabbard but he gets disarmed way too
much finally runs out of swords kicked
off the mountain he survives and he
finds one of his wizard friends but he
doesn't help him oh he kills him yeah
how Forge secretly working with the bad
guy things are looking grim for our
heroes but yet AFER's not given up she
pulls in the fire from the burning
castle and foosh unleashes it on the
army yeah Jana furs are real strong that
buys enough time for reinforcements to
arrive and the good guys win for now
meanwhile seer he's been taken in by
this nice family but she knows her
destiny still out there so she runs off
into the woods and who should arrive at
that house just then but Geralt of Rivia
yeah the guy he saved was that lady's
husband when he hears him talking about
the girl who ran into the woods he goes
to check it out and our plot lines have
finally converged these two are drawn to
each other cuz destiny she's too young
now for it to be romantic he's just a
protector he doesn't age though so it
might be like a twilight werewolf
imprint situation now she was connected
to gerelds fever dream where he was
calling out for yennefer so her first
words to him are who's yennefer and
that's how the season 1 comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out
[Music]